---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "altr_access_management_oltp_policy Data Source - altr"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source for retrieving an OLTP access management policy.
---

# altr_access_management_oltp_policy (Data Source)

Data source for retrieving an OLTP access management policy.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Copyright (c) ALTR Solutions, Inc.
# SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

data "altr_access_management_oltp_policy" "example" {
  id = "example"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the OLTP access management policy.

### Read-Only

- `case_sensitivity` (String) Case sensitivity for the policy.
- `created_at` (String) Creation timestamp.
- `database_type` (Number) Database type ID for the policy.
- `database_type_name` (String) Database type name for the policy.
- `description` (String) Description of the OLTP access management policy.
- `name` (String) Name of the OLTP access management policy.
- `repo_name` (String) The name of the repository this policy belongs to.
- `rules` (Attributes List) List of rules for the OLTP access management policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))
- `updated_at` (String) Last update timestamp.

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Read-Only:

- `actors` (Attributes List) List of actors for the rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--actors))
- `objects` (Attributes List) List of objects for the rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--objects))
- `type` (String) Type of the rule.

<a id="nestedatt--rules--actors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.actors`

Read-Only:

- `condition` (String) Condition for the actor.
- `identifiers` (List of String) List of identifiers for the actor.
- `type` (String) Type of the actor.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.objects`

Read-Only:

- `identifiers` (Attributes List) List of identifiers for the object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--objects--identifiers))
- `type` (String) Type of the object.

<a id="nestedatt--rules--objects--identifiers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.objects.identifiers`

Read-Only:

- `column` (Attributes) Column identifier part. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--objects--identifiers--column))
- `database` (Attributes) Database identifier part. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--objects--identifiers--database))
- `schema` (Attributes) Schema identifier part. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--objects--identifiers--schema))
- `table` (Attributes) Table identifier part. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--objects--identifiers--table))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--objects--identifiers--column"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.objects.identifiers.column`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the column.
- `wildcard` (Boolean) Wildcard for the column.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--objects--identifiers--database"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.objects.identifiers.database`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the database.
- `wildcard` (Boolean) Wildcard for the database.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--objects--identifiers--schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.objects.identifiers.schema`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the schema.
- `wildcard` (Boolean) Wildcard for the schema.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--objects--identifiers--table"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.objects.identifiers.table`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the table.
- `wildcard` (Boolean) Wildcard for the table.
