---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "altr_access_management_snowflake_policy Resource - altr"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Snowflake access management policy.
---

# altr_access_management_snowflake_policy (Resource)

Manages a Snowflake access management policy.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Copyright (c) ALTR Solutions, Inc.
# SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

resource "altr_access_management_snowflake_policy" "example" {
  name           = "example"
  description    = "Example access management policy"
  connection_ids = [1]

  rules = [
    {
      actors = [{
        type        = "role"
        identifiers = ["ACCOUNTADMIN"]
        condition   = "equals"
      }],
      objects = [{
        type        = "database"
        identifiers = ["MY_DB"]
        condition   = "equals"
      }],
      access = [{
        name = "read"
      }]
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connection_ids` (List of Number) List of connection IDs associated with the policy.
- `name` (String) Name of the Snowflake access management policy.
- `rules` (Attributes List) List of rules for the Snowflake access management policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the Snowflake access management policy.
- `policy_maintenance` (Attributes) Policy maintenance configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policy_maintenance))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Creation timestamp.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the Snowflake access management policy.
- `updated_at` (String) Last update timestamp.

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Required:

- `access` (Attributes List) Access for the rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--access))
- `actors` (Attributes List) List of actors for the rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--actors))

Optional:

- `objects` (Attributes List) List of objects for the rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--objects))
- `tagged_objects` (Attributes List) Tagged objects for the rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--tagged_objects))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.access`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the access permission.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--actors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.actors`

Required:

- `condition` (String) Condition for the actor (e.g., equals, starts_with, ends_with).
- `identifiers` (List of String) List of identifiers for the actor.
- `type` (String) Type of the actor.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.objects`

Required:

- `condition` (String) Condition for the object (e.g., equals, starts_with, ends_with, fully_qualified).
- `type` (String) Type of the object (e.g., database, schema, table, view).

Optional:

- `fully_qualified_identifiers` (Attributes List) List of fully qualified object reference. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--objects--fully_qualified_identifiers))
- `identifiers` (List of String) List of identifiers for the object.

<a id="nestedatt--rules--objects--fully_qualified_identifiers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.objects.fully_qualified_identifiers`

Optional:

- `database` (String) Database name.
- `schema` (String) Schema name.
- `table` (String) Table name.
- `view` (String) View name.



<a id="nestedatt--rules--tagged_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.tagged_objects`

Optional:

- `check_against` (List of String) Check against these objects.
- `tag_condition` (String) Tag condition for the tagged objects.
- `tagged_with` (Attributes List) Tagged with these object references. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--tagged_objects--tagged_with))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--tagged_objects--tagged_with"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.tagged_objects.tagged_with`

Optional:

- `database` (String) Database name.
- `name` (String) Tag name.
- `schema` (String) Schema name.
- `value` (String) Tag value.




<a id="nestedatt--policy_maintenance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy_maintenance`

Required:

- `rate` (String) Rate at which the policy maintenance occurs.
- `value` (String) Value for the policy maintenance rate.
